Docs: New - Guidelines, conventions & file's structure ( components. … (#12858)
elementor/elementor: docs/core/common/assets/js/api/core/hooks.md

the hooks attached to $e.commands and each hook fired _after/before_ running a command, that runs by $e.run().
*  **Location**: *core/common/assets/js/api/core/hooks.js*
*  **Methods**:

	| Method                               | Params                                                                                          |  Returns              | Description                                              
	|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------
	| `$e.hooks.activate()`                |                                                                                                 |                       | Activate all hooks. 
	| `$e.hooks.deactivate()`              |                                                                                                 |                       | Deactivate all hooks. 
	| `$e.hooks.getAll()`                  |                                                                                                 | `{Array}`             | Receive all loaded hooks. 

> 	| `$e.hooks.register()`                | `{String}` *type*, `{String}` *event*, `{HookBase}` *instance*                                  | `{Object}` *callback* | Register hook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	| `$e.hooks.register()`                | `{String}` *type*, `{String}` *event*, `{HookBase}` *instance*                                  | `{Object}` *callback* | Register a hook. 
```

> 	| `$e.hooks.run()`                     | `{String}` *type*, `{String}` *event*, `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*  | `{Boolean}`           | Run's a hook. 

Reviewer: > Run's a hook

You can write either "Run" or "Runs" (depending on your meaning), but not "Run's".

Author: Handled.

	| `$e.hooks.registerDataCatch()`       | `{HookBase}` *instance*                                                                         | `{Object}` *callback* | Register data hook that's run when the command fails.  
	| `$e.hooks.registerDataDependency()`  | `{HookBase}` *instance*                                                                         | `{Object}` *callback* | Register data hook that's run before the command as dependency.  
	| `$e.hooks.registerUIAfter()`         | `{HookBase}` *instance*                                                                         | `{Object}` *callback* | Register UI hook that's run after the commands run.  
	| `$e.hooks.registerUICatch()`         | `{HookBase}` *instance*                                                                         | `{Object}` *callback* | Register UI hook that's run when the command fails.  
	| `$e.hooks.registerUIBefore()`        | `{HookBase}` *instance*                                                                         | `{Object}` *callback* | Register UI hook that's run before the command.  

> 	| `$e.hooks.runDataAfter()`            | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run data hook that's run after the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	| `$e.hooks.runDataAfter()`            | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run a data hook that runs after the command.
```

Reviewer: The same goes for the rest of the lines

Author: Handled.

	| `$e.hooks.runDataCatch()`            | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run data hook that's run when the command fails.
	| `$e.hooks.runDataDependency()`       | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run data hook that's run before the command as dependency.
	| `$e.hooks.runUIAfter()`              | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run UI hook that's run after the commands run.
	| `$e.hooks.runUICatch()`              | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run UI hook that's run when the command fails.
	| `$e.hooks.runUIBefore()`             | `{String}` *command*, `{Object}` *args*, `{*}` *result*                                         | `{Boolean}`           | Run UI hook that's run before the command.

## Guidelines, conventions & file's structure 

>   * Each hook, owned by a [component](../core/components.md#guidelines-conventions--files-structure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Each hook is owned by a [component](../core/components.md#guidelines-conventions--files-structure).
```

    23
    24		footerSaver.setMenuItems( args.container.document );
    25
    26		footerSaver.refreshWpPreview();
    27	}
    28 }
    29
    30 export default {FILE_NAME_CAMEL_CASE};
    ```
    > Legend

    | Name                   | Format  - Description               | Value for example. 
    |------------------------|-------------------------------------|---------------------
    |`{TYPE}`                | `ui` or `data` depends on the hook  | `ui`
    |`{COMMAND}`             | which command to hook               | `document/elements/settings`
    |`{FILE_NAME}`           | kebab case, name is description oh what the hook does | `footer-saver-refresh-menu.js`
    |`{FILE_NAME_CAMEL_CASE}`| camel case, of `{FILE_NAME}`        | `FooterSaverRefreshMenu`
    |`{FILE_NAME_WITHOUT_JS}`| `{FILE_NAME}` without `.js`         | `footer-saver-refresh-menu`
    |`{FILE_PATH}`           | `{TYPE}/{COMMAND}/{FILE_NAME}`      | `ui/document/elements/settings/footer-saver-refresh-menu.js`
    |`{CONTAINER_TYPE}`      | optional, gain performance if container type is known in advance | `document`
    > Example
    ```javascript class:"lineNo"

>     1 // ui/document/elements/settings/footer-saver-refresh-menu.js - This is line should be deleted - just for the exmaple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1 // ui/document/elements/settings/footer-saver-refresh-menu.js - This line should be deleted - just for the example.
```

    2 import HookUIAfter from 'elementor-api/modules/hooks/ui/after';
    3  
    4 export class FooterSaverRefreshMenu extends HookUIAfter {
    5  	getCommand() {
    6  		return 'document/elements/settings';
    7  	}
    8
    9  	getId() {
    10		return 'footer-save-refresh-menu--document/elements/settings';
    11	}
    12
    13	getContainerType() {
    14		return 'document';
    15	}
    16
    17	getConditions( args ) {
    18		return args.settings && 'undefined' !== typeof args.settings.post_status;
    19	}
    20
    21	apply( args ) {
    22		const { footerSaver } = $e.components.get( 'document/save' );
    23
    24		footerSaver.setMenuItems( args.container.document );
    25
    26		footerSaver.refreshWpPreview();
    27	}
    28 }
    29
    30 export default FooterSaverRefreshMenu; // Required - comment should be deleted.

> 

Reviewer 2: End javascript?
